okay here's what I have so far the only
thing I've connected to the new ignition
switch connector I've got two ground
wires and that corresponds with what's
in the directions I haven't plugged
anything into this clear one just yet
and I just want to point out I actually
have a neutral safety switch it is
clearly a manual transmission truck and
I have a neutral safety switch that's
right here uh but I think I'm going to
bypass it I don't recommend it I
shouldn't recommend it because it's it's
there for a reason
but I'm going to bypass it I don't
recommend that you do that but if you
want to that's totally up to you so I'm
going to bypass my neutral safety switch
and just not worry about it so like I
said I got two ground wires plugged in
there and what I've been doing with the
harness is separating out the ignition
wires that I need to plug into they were
bound up with the zip ties kind of far
down down to about here and so what I
did is I clip a zip tie I pull out the
four wires that I need actually only
three but I would separate these out
reuse it tie it so it didn't get all
screwy and just blow up into a rat's
nest on me so I just went up along the
bundle here separated out these wires
till I got them real close here to the
fuse panel so that I can route them up
over the steering column and up here to
the ignition switch which you need to
get to from this side so that's what
I've been doing so far I'm going to get
these kind of rounded up and get the
length correct I'm going to cut them
long so that I have some some leeway
there but that's why I separated these
out so I can route them up get the
proper length I need and then crimp the
little connectors on to the end and then
plug them into the little connect the
little plastic connector so that's why
am and I'll keep working and I'll shoot
some more video ok I've still been
working on the ignition wires i ratted
them up and behind and up to where the
ignition switches coming out on this
side of the steering column and I got
all these cut to length and right now
I'm working on putting together the
little connectors for the ignition
switch and as you saw earlier I had a
couple of uh ground wires on this black
connector and I've been working on
putting the rest of the wires in now
I've take these two together for now
I'll take the tape off before I plug
them in but just to keep them together
because as you can see here in the in
the wiring diagram there's three
locations for battery you got one two
and three you also have two places for
ignition so that's kind of what I've
done here is I've plugged in the to kind
of spare battery ports the spare
ignition that's under here just using
the exact wire the leftover the pieces
that I cut off to kind of create these
jumpers I'm going to fold them over and
connect them to you know these two main
the main battery wire here and the main
ignition wire coming from the fuse panel
so I'll connect them up to there so I
just made these little jumpers and now
I'm actually ready to start connecting
these wires up to the switch so that's
where I am right now and uh I'll do some
more work and then shoot another video